\input texinfo
@settitle 3DViewer_v2.0

@copying
Made by Morfinov and Changsky on June-July 2023
@end copying

@titlepage
@title 3DViewer_v2.0 Guide
@subtitle «3DViewer»
@author Morfinov and Changsky
@vskip 
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@ifnottex
@node Top
@top 3DViewer_v2.0
@insertcopying
@end ifnottex

@menu
* General information:: This section provides general information about 3DViewer.
* Bonus Settings:: This section contains information about the Settings options.
* Bonus Record:: This section contains information about the options for capturing gif, bmp and jpeg images.


@detailmenu
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
 
 
-- FOR THOSE WHO READ CAREFULLY! --


In this description, we have posted only a brief summary of the product, made according to the assignment received.

If you have any additional questions or suggestions, we will be happy to consider them and will definitely think about it.

You can send all suggestions and comments to our email address or contact us in the rocket chat through our nicknames.

With respect for your time and attention.


...


------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 

@end detailmenu

@end menu


@node General information
@chapter General information

@enumerate
@item
The project implements the ability to visualize 3D wireframe models. 
@item
The code is written in the C++ programming language. 
@item
The project implemented using the MVC pattern. Also used design patterns such as:
@* * Singleton
@* * Facade
@* * Strategy
@* * Memento
@item
For GUI implementation a library Qt was used.
@end enumerate


@node Bonus Settings
@chapter Bonus Settings

@cindex settings, bonus
Our program allows the following options:
@cindex index entry, another

@enumerate
@item
Set projection type (parallel and central);
@item
Adjust the type (solid, dotted), color and thickness of faces;
@item
Customize the display method (none, circle, square), color and size of the vertices;
@item
Possibility to choose background color;
@item
Settings will be saved between program restarts;
@end enumerate


@node Bonus Record
@chapter Bonus Record

@cindex record, bonus
Our program allows the following options:
@cindex index entry, another

@enumerate
@item
Save images in bmp and jpeg format;
@item
Save/write as gif animation;
@end enumerate


@bye
